# Intro
---
#Demo 
> Have Object Library pulled up.

## Main.Storybard
**Jessy**  
We'll start with a completely blank project, and drag a label to the upper left of the default view.

> drag that.

When we do that, Interface Builder sizes the label to be exactly what it needs to be, to show the default text. (Which is "Label".)

But if we change it, either through code, or here, near the top of the Attributes Inspector… to something like "Descriptive Label"…

> change text to "Descriptive Label"

Then the frame of the label no longer matches its intrinsic content size.

**Catie**  
Now, let's put this under Auto Layout's control, by dragging out some constraints to the superview, diagonally to the upper-left.

> drag and get the modal window

Hold shift, and pick the top two, and hit Return.

> do that

Now, we've got a yellow dashed rectangle. Which means, that although auto layout will render this label correctly at runtime, the frame for its view is not matching that, in Interface Builder.

First, let's open a Preview in the Assistant Editor.

> do that. Any device will do.

**Jessy**  
That's rendering like we want. To get that happing in Interface Builder, we can choose "Update Frames", one of three ways.

There's a menu item, in Editor:
> show it

And by default, it has a keyboard shortcut. Option-Command Equals. I use that shortcut a lot, but I did have to spend some time training: I don't find it to be particularly meaningful. 

Fortunately, Xcode now includes a button to do the same thing. It's on the left of the row with the other Auto Layout buttons.

You can have it operate on a particular selection of one subview. But, it operates on children. So, if you have a View Controller scene, or say, the main view selected, Update Frames will operate on everything at once.

> click it

And now, Interface Builder displays what's accurate using our constraints: Auto Layout uses them to position the label, and its intrinsic content size to calculate width and height!

**Catie**  
However, there's still a warning. We'll click a few yellow and white pieces of UI to solve this.

First, we we can check out the warning in the upper-right of the document outline.

> click there

It's a localization issue. We can see the full text of the warning if we show the Issue Navigator.

> click the warning triangle at the top of Xcode

We can also see it in the dropdown next to the jump bar. Selecting it there will also select the corresponding, offending view.

> click off the view, then click that item.

The last click on a yellow and white warning icon, where the document outline normally shows, will give us the option to have Xcode fix this for us relatively easily.

> show two options

The option at the top will take care of things!

> Confirm.

**Jessy**

Next, let's drag a button to the view, and constrain it using the Align Button, and then, "Horizontally in Container" and "Vertically in Container".

> do all that

Imagine that, at some point, that represents what we want, but then, our design changes, so that the button should move to the bottom. Let's drag it there.

> drag to bottom 

Now we see the same dashed rectangle, but that's telling us the Auto Layout thinks the button belongs there. It doesn't anymore!

We could edit the Align Center Y constraint manually, but Interface Builder is smart enough, in this case, to do that by itself, when we give it the go-ahead. 

Which we can do, by clicking the Resolve Auto Layout button on the right, and choosing "Reset to Suggested Constraints".

> do that

And now, the Center Y constraint has morphed into a newly-appropriate bottom constraint!

The only problem is, while the button has the right constraints now, the warning is back! Let’s take care of it the same way.

> do that

As you can see, if you have multiple views involved, Reset to Suggested Constraints" might not work out as cleanly as you’d like, but give it a shot! You can always undo if all it creates a bunch of nonsense!

**Catie**

Now, let's add an image view, and just attempt to center it the same way as we originally did for the button. Make sure to start off with it *not* centered, so we can illustrate another sort of issue better.

> add button off-center and align to center

We've got red lines now! That means that Auto Layout doesn't have enough information to do its job.

Trying to Update Frames won't work, because the width and height of the image aren't constrained. We'll get to that in a moment.

First, add a button above, and align its horizontal center to the image view's.

> do that.

Then, constrain its vertical distance to the image view.

Now, although this button has an intrinsic content size, and its position is constrained, it's also got red error lines where nice, blue constraints out to be.

This can all be solved by giving the image view an intrinsic size. If you don't having an actual image that you want to use – say for example, it's going to change at runtime – then you can assign a placeholder. You do that in the Intrinsic dropdown, in the Size inspector.

> select "Placeholder"

And with that, all the Auto Layout errors are gone!